From: cara.semperger@enron.com
To: mark.fischer@enron.com, tom.alonso@enron.com, diana.scholtes@enron.com, 
	sean.crandall@enron.com, donald.robinson@enron.com, 
	lisa.gang@enron.com, mike.purcell@enron.com, 
	stacy.runswick@enron.com, jeff.richter@enron.com, 
	phillip.platter@enron.com, carla.hoffman@enron.com, 
	jeremy.morris@enron.com, portland.shift@enron.com, 
	john.forney@enron.com
Date: Wed, 6 Dec 2000 05:48:00 -0800 (PST)
Subject: The April NWPP meeting in Reno
We have been given responsibility for the Etag portion of the agenda, and it is going to be a panel discussion with Q & A, and then an E-tag practice session. I need your Ideas for people to sit on the panel. The proposed panel: A BPA Transmission Person and a CISO person to discuss the hows and whys of Tag denial A real time Supervisor to discuss how E-tagging for real time has gone since it is supposed to be on line in January An ISAS committee member to tell us what will be coming in the near future. If you have someone who you think would be good at this, please let me know. Thanks, C
